refactor(elements): `FieldError` to enable `asChild` usage (#3396)
clerk/javascript: .changeset/fast-singers-dress.md

---
'@clerk/elements': patch
---

> Refactor `FieldError` to make use of `asChild` prop when using as render function

Author: ```suggestion
Update `<FieldError />` to render as a `div` vs `span` to avoid issues with invalid markup when using the render function.
```

> Update `<FieldError />` to render as a `div` vs `span` to avoid issues with invalid markup when using the render function.

Author: ```suggestion
Update `<FieldError />` to enable `asChild` prop for custom markup in render function usage.
```
